% Please add the following required packages to your document preamble:
% \usepackage{graphicx}
\begin{center}
\tiny
\begin{longtable}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}
% \resizebox{\textwidth}{!}{%
% \begin{tabular}
\hline
INTERSPEECH-ID & INTERSPEECH-Partition & INTERSPEECH-Label & PITT-ID & PITT-Partition & PITT-Evaluation & PITT-Session & Determination \\ \hline
adrsdt1        & test                  & 19              & 587                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt10       & test                  & 27              & 302                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt11       & test                  & 30              & 686                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt12       & test                  & 30              & 175                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt13       & test                  & 20              & 598                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt14       & test                  & 16              & 615                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt15       & test                  & 30              & 05                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt16       & test                  & 10              & 640                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt17       & test                  & 28              & 688                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt18       & test                  & 25              & 206                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt19       & test                  & 20              & 610                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt2        & test                  & 17              & 635                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt20       & test                  & 21              & 029                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt21       & test                  & 29              & 668                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt22       & test                  & 30              & 232                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt23       & test                  & 24              & 134                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt24       & test                  & 20              & 492                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt25       & test                  & 20              & 497                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt26       & test                  & 29              & 10                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt27       & test                  & 28              & 002                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrsdt28       & test                  & 19              & 049                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt29       & test                  & 5               & 173                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt3        & test                  & 30              & 208                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt30       & test                  & 29              & 034                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt31       & test                  & 28              & 295                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt32       & test                  & 25              & 329                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt33       & test                  & 20              & 181                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt34       & test                  & 25              & 544                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt35       & test                  & 17              & 269                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt36       & test                  & 29              & 196                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt37       & test                  & 13              & 319                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt38       & test                  & 29              & 028                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt39       & test                  & 12              & 698                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt4        & test                  & 27              & 184                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt40       & test                  & 28              & 07                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt41       & test                  & 20              & 663                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt42       & test                  & 29              & 631                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt43       & test                  & 28              & 124                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt44       & test                  & 12              & 238                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt45       & test                  & 27              & 107                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt46       & test                  & 8               & 053                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt47       & test                  & 29              & 210                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt48       & test                  & 29              & 691                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt49       & test                  & 28              & 32                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-AA        & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt5        & test                  & 29              & 299                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt50       & test                  & 30              & 141                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt51       & test                  & 29              & 132                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt52       & test                  & 30              & 055                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt53       & test                  & 24              & 150                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt54       & test                  & 27              & 006                & Control              & cookie          & 4                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt55       & test                  & 29              & 243                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt56       & test                  & 30              & 114                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt57       & test                  & 12              & 222                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt58       & test                  & 29              & 14                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt59       & test                  & 25              & Missing            & Missing              & Missing         & Missing          & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrsdt6        & test                  & 30              & 166                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt60       & test                  & 20              & 356                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt61       & test                  & 19              & 310                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt62       & test                  & 16              & 337                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt63       & test                  & 30              & 559                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt64       & test                  & 24              & 127                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt65       & test                  & 30              & 296                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt66       & test                  & 28              & 015                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt67       & test                  & 30              & 12                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt68       & test                  & 30              & 245                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt69       & test                  & 30              & 155                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt7        & test                  & 24              & 676                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt70       & test                  & 18              & 164                & Dementia             & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt71       & test                  & 24              & 470                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt8        & test                  & 10              & 125                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrsdt9        & test                  & 23              & 283                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso002       & train                 & 26              & 03                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso003       & train                 & 30              & 04                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso005       & train                 & 27              & 06                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso007       & train                 & 30              & 08                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso008       & train                 & 29              & 09                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso010       & train                 & 29              & 11                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso012       & train                 & 29              & 13                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso014       & train                 & 30              & 15                 & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso015       & train                 & 29              & minga36a-cookie    & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & RHDBank-Minga    & Included      \\ \hline
adrso016       & train                 & 29              & minga43a-cookie    & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & RHDBank-Minga    & Included      \\ \hline
adrso017       & train                 & 30              & nazareth04a-cookie & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & RHDBank-Minga    & Included      \\ \hline
adrso018       & train                 & 29              & 03-cookie          & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-AA        & Included      \\ \hline
adrso019       & train                 & 30              & 17-cookie          & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-AA        & Included      \\ \hline
adrso021       & train                 & 28              & 02-cookie          & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-Cauc      & Included      \\ \hline
adrso022       & train                 & 27              & 08-cookie          & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-Cauc      & Included      \\ \hline
adrso023       & train                 & 26              & 17-cookie          & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-Cauc      & Included      \\ \hline
adrso024       & train                 & 20              & 003                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso025       & train                 & 11              & 018                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso027       & train                 & 18              & 043                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso028       & train                 & 18              & 050                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso031       & train                 & 26              & 066                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso032       & train                 & 25              & 076                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso033       & train                 & 3               & 087                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso035       & train                 & 24              & 094                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso036       & train                 & 10              & 097                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso039       & train                 & 10              & 148                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso043       & train                 & 22              & 205                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso045       & train                 & 13              & 207                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso046       & train                 & 15              & 213                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso047       & train                 & 19              & 226                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso049       & train                 & 18              & 235                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso053       & train                 & 25              & 244                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso054       & train                 & 12              & 247                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso055       & train                 & 17              & 264                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso056       & train                 & 28              & 267                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso059       & train                 & 20              & 289                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso060       & train                 & 15              & 293                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso063       & train                 & 13              & 311                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso068       & train                 & 20              & 339                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso070       & train                 & 19              & 343                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso071       & train                 & 23              & 344                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso072       & train                 & 19              & 346                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso074       & train                 & 24              & 357                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso075       & train                 & 18              & 360                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso077       & train                 & 19              & 368                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso078       & train                 & 22              & 369                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso089       & train                 & 10              & 504                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso090       & train                 & 25              & 506                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso092       & train                 & 12              & 515                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso093       & train                 & 13              & 526                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso098       & train                 & 17              & 551                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso106       & train                 & 17              & 581                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso109       & train                 & 20              & 591                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso110       & train                 & 14              & 592                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso112       & train                 & 16              & 595                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso116       & train                 & 12              & 609                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso122       & train                 & 14              & 636                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso123       & train                 & 26              & 639                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso125       & train                 & 17              & 642                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso126       & train                 & 18              & 648                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso128       & train                 & 20              & 651                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso130       & train                 & 17              & 657                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso134       & train                 & 8               & 674                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso138       & train                 & 12              & 690                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso141       & train                 & 20              & 702                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso142       & train                 & 13              & 703                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso144       & train                 & 13              & 705                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso148       & train                 & 30              & 017                & Control              & cookie          & 4                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso151       & train                 & 28              & 034                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso152       & train                 & 30              & 042                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso153       & train                 & 30              & 045                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso154       & train                 & 30              & 052                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso156       & train                 & 29              & 068                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso157       & train                 & 29              & 096                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso158       & train                 & 30              & 142                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso159       & train                 & 29              & 142                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso160       & train                 & 30              & 142                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso161       & train                 & 29              & 143                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso162       & train                 & 27              & 172                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso164       & train                 & 29              & 225                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso165       & train                 & 30              & 292                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso167       & train                 & 27              & 296                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso168       & train                 & 30              & 296                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso169       & train                 & 30              & 297                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso170       & train                 & 29              & 298                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso172       & train                 & 30              & 323                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso173       & train                 & 30              & 323                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso177       & train                 & 28              & 612                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso178       & train                 & 28              & 627                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso180       & train                 & 29              & 661                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso182       & train                 & 29              & 678                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso183       & train                 & 30              & 684                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso186       & train                 & 26              & 709                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso187       & train                 & 11              & 001                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso188       & train                 & 23              & 005                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso189       & train                 & 19              & 007                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso190       & train                 & 20              & 010                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso192       & train                 & 3               & 023                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso197       & train                 & 20              & 035                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso198       & train                 & 7               & 046                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso200       & train                 & 19              & 051                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso202       & train                 & 23              & 058                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso205       & train                 & 15              & 067                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso206       & train                 & 17              & 078                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso209       & train                 & 17              & 122                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso211       & train                 & 15              & 144                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso212       & train                 & 28              & 154                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso215       & train                 & 14              & 168                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso216       & train                 & 24              & 178                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso218       & train                 & 27              & 183                & Dementia             & recall          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso220       & train                 & 20              & 203                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso222       & train                 & 16              & 216                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso223       & train                 & 17              & 218                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso224       & train                 & 17              & 220                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso228       & train                 & 23              & 252                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso229       & train                 & 10              & 257                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso232       & train                 & 20              & 270                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso233       & train                 & 21              & 279                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso234       & train                 & 22              & 282                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso236       & train                 & 18              & 291                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso237       & train                 & 20              & 325                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso244       & train                 & 11              & 358                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso245       & train                 & 10              & 362                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso246       & train                 & 14              & 381                & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso247       & train                 & 24              & 450                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso248       & train                 & 22              & 466                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso249       & train                 & 20              & 488                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso250       & train                 & 15              & 493                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso253       & train                 & 15              & 527                & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso257       & train                 & 30              & 013                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso259       & train                 & 30              & 021                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso260       & train                 & 27              & 022                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso261       & train                 & 29              & 054                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso262       & train                 & 29              & 056                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso263       & train                 & 28              & 071                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso264       & train                 & 29              & 073                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso265       & train                 & 30              & 086                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso266       & train                 & 30              & 092                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso267       & train                 & 30              & 093                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso268       & train                 & 30              & 105                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso270       & train                 & 30              & 109                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso273       & train                 & 30              & 118                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso274       & train                 & 30              & 121                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso276       & train                 & 29              & 128                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso277       & train                 & 29              & 129                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso278       & train                 & 28              & 130                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso280       & train                 & 29              & 137                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso281       & train                 & 28              & 138                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso283       & train                 & 30              & 140                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso285       & train                 & 30              & 145                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso286       & train                 & 28              & 146                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso289       & train                 & 30              & 158                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso291       & train                 & 28              & 167                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso292       & train                 & 28              & 171                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso296       & train                 & 30              & 209                & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso298       & train                 & 30              & 211                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso299       & train                 & 26              & 227                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso300       & train                 & 28              & 229                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso302       & train                 & 29              & 010                & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso307       & train                 & 29              & 256                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso308       & train                 & 30              & 266                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso309       & train                 & 30              & 267                & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso310       & train                 & 28              & 274                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso312       & train                 & 29              & 002                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso315       & train                 & 28              & 318                & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso316       & train                 & 30              & 322                & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
% \end{tabular}%
% }
\end{longtable}
\normalsize
\end{center}
