% Please add the following required packages to your document preamble:
% \usepackage{graphicx}
\begin{center}
\tiny
\begin{longtable}{|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|l|}
% \resizebox{\textwidth}{!}{%
% \begin{tabular}
\hline
ICASSP-ID & ICASSP-Partition & ICASSP-Label & PITT-ID     & PITT-Partition       & PITT-Evaluation & PITT-Session     & Determination \\ \hline
adrso002  & train            & Control      & 003         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso003  & train            & Control      & 004         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso004  & train            & Control      & 005         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso005  & train            & Control      & 006         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso006  & train            & Control      & 007         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso007  & train            & Control      & 008         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso008  & train            & Control      & 009         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso009  & train            & Control      & 010         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso010  & train            & Control      & 011         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso011  & train            & Control      & 012         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso012  & train            & Control      & 013         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso013  & train            & Control      & 014         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso014  & train            & Control      & 015         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & ChialFlahive-REN & Included      \\ \hline
adrso015  & train            & Control      & minga36a    & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & RHDBank-Minga    & Included      \\ \hline
adrso016  & train            & Control      & minga43a    & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & RHDBank-Minga    & Included      \\ \hline
adrso017  & train            & Control      & nazareth04a & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & RHDBank-Nazareth & Included      \\ \hline
adrso018  & train            & Control      & 003         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-AA        & Included      \\ \hline
adrso019  & train            & Control      & 017         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-AA        & Included      \\ \hline
adrso020  & train            & Control      & 032         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-AA        & Included      \\ \hline
adrso021  & train            & Control      & 002         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-Cauc      & Included      \\ \hline
adrso022  & train            & Control      & 008         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-Cauc      & Included      \\ \hline
adrso023  & train            & Control      & 017         & Supplemental\_Control & cookie          & Olness-Cauc      & Included      \\ \hline
adrso024  & train            & ProbableAD   & 003         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso025  & train            & ProbableAD   & 018         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso027  & train            & ProbableAD   & 043         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso028  & train            & ProbableAD   & 050         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso029  & train            & ProbableAD   & 053         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso031  & train            & ProbableAD   & 066         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso032  & train            & ProbableAD   & 076         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso033  & train            & ProbableAD   & 087         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso035  & train            & ProbableAD   & 094         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso036  & train            & ProbableAD   & 097         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso037  & train            & ProbableAD   & 125         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso038  & train            & ProbableAD   & 127         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso039  & train            & ProbableAD   & 148         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso041  & train            & ProbableAD   & 173         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso042  & train            & ProbableAD   & Missing     & Missing              & Missing         & Missing          & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso043  & train            & ProbableAD   & 205         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso044  & train            & ProbableAD   & 206         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso045  & train            & ProbableAD   & 207         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso046  & train            & ProbableAD   & 213         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso047  & train            & ProbableAD   & 226         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso049  & train            & ProbableAD   & 235         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso052  & train            & ProbableAD   & 238         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso053  & train            & ProbableAD   & 244         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso054  & train            & ProbableAD   & 247         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso055  & train            & ProbableAD   & 264         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso056  & train            & ProbableAD   & 267         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso059  & train            & ProbableAD   & 289         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso060  & train            & ProbableAD   & 293         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso062  & train            & ProbableAD   & 310         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso063  & train            & ProbableAD   & 311         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso064  & train            & ProbableAD   & 319         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso065  & train            & ProbableAD   & 329         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso066  & train            & ProbableAD   & 337         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso068  & train            & ProbableAD   & 339         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso070  & train            & ProbableAD   & 343         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso071  & train            & ProbableAD   & 344         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso072  & train            & ProbableAD   & 346         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso074  & train            & ProbableAD   & 357         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso075  & train            & ProbableAD   & 360         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso077  & train            & ProbableAD   & 368         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso078  & train            & ProbableAD   & 369         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso083  & train            & ProbableAD   & 470         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso088  & train            & ProbableAD   & 492         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso089  & train            & ProbableAD   & 504         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso090  & train            & ProbableAD   & 506         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso092  & train            & ProbableAD   & 515         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso093  & train            & ProbableAD   & 526         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso098  & train            & ProbableAD   & 551         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso099  & train            & ProbableAD   & 559         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso106  & train            & ProbableAD   & 581         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso108  & train            & ProbableAD   & 587         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso109  & train            & ProbableAD   & 591         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso110  & train            & ProbableAD   & 592         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso112  & train            & ProbableAD   & 595         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso113  & train            & ProbableAD   & 598         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso116  & train            & ProbableAD   & 609         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso117  & train            & ProbableAD   & 610         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso118  & train            & ProbableAD   & 615         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso121  & train            & ProbableAD   & 635         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso122  & train            & ProbableAD   & 636         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso123  & train            & ProbableAD   & 639         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso124  & train            & ProbableAD   & 640         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso125  & train            & ProbableAD   & 642         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso126  & train            & ProbableAD   & 648         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso128  & train            & ProbableAD   & 651         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso130  & train            & ProbableAD   & 657         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso132  & train            & ProbableAD   & 663         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso134  & train            & ProbableAD   & 674         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso135  & train            & ProbableAD   & 676         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso138  & train            & ProbableAD   & 690         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso140  & train            & ProbableAD   & 698         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso141  & train            & ProbableAD   & 702         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso142  & train            & ProbableAD   & 703         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso144  & train            & ProbableAD   & 705         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso148  & train            & Control      & 017         & Control              & cookie          & 4                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso149  & train            & Control      & 028         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso150  & train            & Control      & 034         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso151  & train            & Control      & 034         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso152  & train            & Control      & 042         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso153  & train            & Control      & 045         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso154  & train            & Control      & 052         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso155  & train            & Control      & 055         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso156  & train            & Control      & 068         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso157  & train            & Control      & 096         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso158  & train            & Control      & 142         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso159  & train            & Control      & 142         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso160  & train            & Control      & 142         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso161  & train            & Control      & 143         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso162  & train            & Control      & 172         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso164  & train            & Control      & 225         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso165  & train            & Control      & 292         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso166  & train            & Control      & 296         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso167  & train            & Control      & 296         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso168  & train            & Control      & 296         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso169  & train            & Control      & 297         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso170  & train            & Control      & 298         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso171  & train            & Control      & 302         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso172  & train            & Control      & 323         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso173  & train            & Control      & 323         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso177  & train            & Control      & 612         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso178  & train            & Control      & 627         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso179  & train            & Control      & 631         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso180  & train            & Control      & 661         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso181  & train            & Control      & 668         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso182  & train            & Control      & 678         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso183  & train            & Control      & 684         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso184  & train            & Control      & 686         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso185  & train            & Control      & 688         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso186  & train            & Control      & 709         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso187  & train            & ProbableAD   & 001         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso188  & train            & ProbableAD   & 005         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso189  & train            & ProbableAD   & 007         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso190  & train            & ProbableAD   & 010         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso192  & train            & ProbableAD   & 023         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso194  & train            & ProbableAD   & 029         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso197  & train            & ProbableAD   & 035         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso198  & train            & ProbableAD   & 046         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso199  & train            & ProbableAD   & 049         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso200  & train            & ProbableAD   & 051         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso202  & train            & ProbableAD   & 058         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso205  & train            & ProbableAD   & 067         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso206  & train            & ProbableAD   & 078         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso209  & train            & ProbableAD   & 122         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso210  & train            & ProbableAD   & 134         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso211  & train            & ProbableAD   & 144         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso212  & train            & ProbableAD   & 154         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso214  & train            & ProbableAD   & 164         & Dementia             & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso215  & train            & ProbableAD   & 168         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso216  & train            & ProbableAD   & 178         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso217  & train            & ProbableAD   & 181         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso218  & train            & ProbableAD   & 183         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso219  & train            & ProbableAD   & 184         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso220  & train            & ProbableAD   & 203         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso222  & train            & ProbableAD   & 216         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso223  & train            & ProbableAD   & 218         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso224  & train            & ProbableAD   & 220         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso226  & train            & ProbableAD   & 222         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso228  & train            & ProbableAD   & 252         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso229  & train            & ProbableAD   & 257         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso231  & train            & ProbableAD   & 269         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso232  & train            & ProbableAD   & 270         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso233  & train            & ProbableAD   & 279         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso234  & train            & ProbableAD   & 282         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso235  & train            & ProbableAD   & 283         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso236  & train            & ProbableAD   & 291         & Dementia             & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso237  & train            & ProbableAD   & 325         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso243  & train            & ProbableAD   & 356         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso244  & train            & ProbableAD   & 358         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso245  & train            & ProbableAD   & 362         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso246  & train            & ProbableAD   & 381         & Dementia             & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso247  & train            & ProbableAD   & 450         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso248  & train            & ProbableAD   & 466         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso249  & train            & ProbableAD   & 488         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso250  & train            & ProbableAD   & 493         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso251  & train            & ProbableAD   & 497         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso253  & train            & ProbableAD   & 527         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso254  & train            & ProbableAD   & 544         & Dementia             & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso255  & train            & Control      & 002         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso256  & train            & Control      & 006         & Control              & cookie          & 4                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso257  & train            & Control      & 013         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso258  & train            & Control      & 015         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso259  & train            & Control      & 021         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso260  & train            & Control      & 022         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso261  & train            & Control      & 054         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso262  & train            & Control      & 056         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso263  & train            & Control      & 071         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso264  & train            & Control      & 073         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso265  & train            & Control      & 086         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso266  & train            & Control      & 092         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso267  & train            & Control      & 093         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso268  & train            & Control      & 105         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso269  & train            & Control      & 107         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso270  & train            & Control      & 109         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso272  & train            & Control      & 114         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso273  & train            & Control      & 118         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso274  & train            & Control      & 121         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso275  & train            & Control      & 124         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso276  & train            & Control      & 128         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso277  & train            & Control      & 129         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso278  & train            & Control      & 130         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso279  & train            & Control      & 132         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso280  & train            & Control      & 137         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso281  & train            & Control      & 138         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso283  & train            & Control      & 140         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso284  & train            & Control      & 141         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso285  & train            & Control      & 145         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso286  & train            & Control      & 146         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso287  & train            & Control      & 150         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso288  & train            & Control      & 155         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso289  & train            & Control      & 158         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso290  & train            & Control      & 166         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso291  & train            & Control      & 167         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso292  & train            & Control      & 171         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso293  & train            & Control      & 175         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso294  & train            & Control      & 196         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso295  & train            & Control      & 208         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso296  & train            & Control      & 209         & Control              & cookie          & 3                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso297  & train            & Control      & 210         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso298  & train            & Control      & 211         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso299  & train            & Control      & 227         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso300  & train            & Control      & 229         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso301  & train            & Control      & 232         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso302  & train            & Control      & 242         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Excluded      \\ \hline
adrso303  & train            & Control      & 243         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso304  & train            & Control      & 245         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso307  & train            & Control      & 256         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso308  & train            & Control      & 266         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso309  & train            & Control      & 267         & Control              & cookie          & 2                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso310  & train            & Control      & 274         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso312  & train            & Control      & 002         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso313  & train            & Control      & 295         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso314  & train            & Control      & 299         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso315  & train            & Control      & 318         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso316  & train            & Control      & 322         & Control              & cookie          & 1                & Included      \\ \hline
adrso317  & train            & Control      & 691         & Control              & cookie          & 0                & Included      \\ \hline
% \end{tabular}%
% }
\end{longtable}
\normalsize
\end{center}
